# DreamPocket
301310-a251-STTGK3013-lab1. this app for help users track and manage their saving goals.

1. Introduction 
	The name of the application is Dream Pocket. The purpose of this application is to track the saving goal for the future. It will know how long it takes to achieve the target by using a formula. 

2. The flow of project 

Phase
Description
Input
Users must fill the input in the text field. 
- Need the name of the target.
- Need the target amount.
- Need the starting amount.
- Need how much savings per week.
If the user does not fill the text field, the app will pop the error message.
All input is assigned to the variable and sent to a method to calculate. 
Process
The parameter will be used to do a calculation. 
The result will show on the output area and will be sent to a list array to store the data. 
Output
The result will show on the output area and the main page for summary the target of saving. 


3. Widget list 
Text, TextField, Card, TextButton, Row/Column, Container, ElevatedButton, SizedBox, ListView.Builder. 

4. Validation 

The  formula we use is;
Target week = (target amount - starting amount) / saving per week

5. __Muhammad Azizi Bin Jamaludin 301310__
(NAME and MATRIC)
“I confirm that this project represents my own original work in accordance with academic integrity policies. No part of the code was fully generated by AI tools such as ChatGPT or GitHub Copilot. I relied solely on lecture notes, class tutorials, and official Flutter documentation. I understand that my work may be scrutinized, and if it is found that I did not personally develop the code, marks may be deducted, or the submission may be disqualified.”
